## Clone a Template Course

Open GitHub Desktop and select **File** -> **Clone Repository**


Switch to the URL tab and enter the following:

~~~
https://github.com/tutors-sdk/tutors-starter.git
~~~

Open your File Explorer, and follow this path:

**This PC** -> **Boot** -> **Windows** -> **Users** -> **Your Name** -> **tutors-starter**


Right click some blank space in the file explorer window and select **Properties**. At the bottom of the pane, there is a checkbox labelled **Hidden**, check this box and press **Ok** when prompted. You will notice the files disappear. Deselect the **Hidden** checkbox and select **OK** again, when prompted.


You will notice a **.git** folder has appeared. This links the **tutors-starter** folder to the remote repository it was cloned from. We must break this link so you can connect it to your own remote repository.

For now **Delete** the **.git** folder.  


## Create a New Remote Repository

Navigate back a folder to **This PC** -> **Boot** -> **Windows** -> **Users** -> **Your Name** and drag the **tutors-starter** folder, into the **GitHub Desktop** application.

As the folder is not linked to any remote repository, you will be prompted to **Create a New Repository**. Select this link:

Enter tutors-course-public as the repository name and select **LOOKUP**

You now have a file structure stored in a remote repository on GitHub which will be used by Netlify to generate the course website. 

In the next step you will set up Netlify and make a change. The site will be automatically updated as you push changes made on your local machine, to the remote repository on GitHub, just as you did in the last step!